# ~

An HTML JQuery Faker.js template.

## License

This source form is a source-available content, the Writings and Discoveries, that was written by and contains intellectual property belonging to the IP Owner and is licensed under the Kabuki Weak Source-available License. The Writings and Discoveries consist of documents, files, source code, technology design files, art, trademarks, and other content contained this file, folder and the GitHub repository located at <https://github.com/YourGithubAccountName/YourGitHubRepoName>, the Repo. The intention of the License is to encourage free usage of the Writings and Discoveries and protect our legal rights from corporations and individuals who use third-party-funded contributors and attorneys or other methods in order to control the Writings and Discoveries community and project, control profits from the Writings and Discoveries, and/or stifle innovation and competition, a practice referred to as Open-source Theft. A personal license for general use of the Writings and Discoveries is granted to all people who are not engaging in Open-source Theft, but the license shall be terminated upon discovery of the Writings and Discoveries being used to engaging in Open-source Theft. If and when new methods of perpetrating open-source theft are discovered, this license will be updated to ban that method and you are subject to the updated license and may be required to pay all profits from the Writings and Discoveries to the IP Owner. You are not required to donate improvements to the Writings and Discoveries, but you made do so at the Repo. A personal license may be purchased for those affected the license restrictions at <https://yourwebsiteaddress.com>. Consult your personal license for permissions and restrictions.
